#_How to build this project._

= Introduction =

This page describe how to build ab from apachebenche-standalone. 


= Download source code =

You can get the source code from the svn repository. Please follow the instruction on [http://code.google.com/p/apachebench-standalone/source source] page to check it out. 

For end users, the best way is to download a release source package from our [http://code.google.com/p/apachebench-standalone/downloads/list download] page.

= Depend packages =

This project depends on Apache Portable Runtime library and APR-util library, they must be available in your system before building this project.Following are information for Ubuntu 8.10 distributions. Other distributions should be the same.

== Ubuntu 8.10==

Before starting, please check to see if there is a more up-to-date version available to download. Visit http://apr.apache.org/ to find out about the available versions.

The following struction shows you how to install Apache Portable Runtime(apr) Library on Ubuntu Linux system.
 
  * Downloading 
  * 
  * 


The following struction shows you how to install Apache Portable Runtime Utility (apr-util) Library on Ubuntu Linux system.*Note:* Replace 1.3.4 with your version number:

  * Downloading 
{{{
    wget -c http://apache.mirror.phpchina.com/apr/apr-util-1.3.4.tar.bz2
}}}
  * Extracting files from the downloaded package:
  * Configuring apr-util Library:
  * Compiling apr-util:
  * Installing apr-util:






= compile =


Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages